= StHtml

==Introduction

Developers often are required to present *forms* to their users and gather
informations users reply. If you are a ruby web developer this gem may be useful
since aims to make this things more easy, keeping you away from html forms and
parameter handling noise.

==Example

The form with login, full user name, address stuff, password (with confirm) to 
be presented in your amazing brand new social web portal. Once user has 
submitted her values you should gather the collected info, then you'd like to 
validate them in order to prevent missing or wrong fields. Next it would be nice 
to present a report with the saved values (not the passwords though), with 
additional info about the pin and the supplementary passfrase.

So at a glance with StHtml you can do this quite easily, we hope.

Create a Form object 

    register_form = Form.new
    register_form = Form.new
    register_form = Form.new

add it with the fields:

    login = register_form.add "string", "login"  
    register_form.add "string", "full_name"  
    register_form.add "text", "address"  
    register_form.add "password", "pass"  
    register_form.add "password", "passc"  

add validation stuff:

    login.validators << NotNullValidator
    register_form.validators << FieldsEqual.new "pass", "passc" 

Next when you want to show this form:

    register_form.render

Once user posts her new data

    register_form.load

to validate:

    register_form.validate

to show the report:

    register_form.render_

--

NOTE: The project status in this moment is still a little undefined, because
my current may goal is to import the various components from the original
private gem, currently used for inspiration.
So if while reading some file of the project, you find it difficult to understand
its meaning or you find that has no meaning, please don't give up, probably
it hasn't still reviewed and corrected (or removed).

Thanks